Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to format your
PC using Windows 11 final version. First
thing first uh download the Windows 11.
After that go to this website
refuse create WSP
and download this program from here.
After that,
once it's downloaded, open it.
Okay? And plug your USB.
After plugging your USB,
written right here, you can get this.
Okay. My this my USB is 32 gig. It is
this. Okay. Press select and choose my
Windows 11.
Okay, this is my Windows 11.
After that, click start. After starting,
when you finished for me, I already
finished it. This step, let's return.
You can get this.
Close this
file explorer.
Okay. Okay. You can get this those
files.
Those files
as you can see this my files. Okay. Now
let's move to the second step is to put
our device. You can click go here to
your keyboard.
For my PC, it's F11. For your another
device, we have to just F9 for the boot.
Uh for me, it's a new generation of
device.
To go to the boot, we have to reboot it.
Pick reart.
starting and press in same time F1.
Okay, fine.
Okay, I want to choose my USB device
right here. This second one.
Okay. In your keyboard press here.
Now it's booting using your USB device.
It takes some time to load.
Now it's loading.
Okay. Fine.
Okay. As you can see this my Windows.
You can adjust any language.
Okay, for me my language is English.
Install English less keyboard. Press
next. Hit install.
The setup is starting.
Okay. Fry is IO version not a single
version. You can get it from the link on
the description. Okay, you want to
choose this professional.
Okay, there is many versions
for me is final version is
February 2026.
Okay, I want to choose this one final
version.
Hit next.
Okay. Except uh next custom.
Uh okay. Let's move the all the
partitions.
Okay. For more this is this is the my
data. I don't want that. Okay. Let's
delete this one.
This one. Delete.
To format your PC, you must uh delete
those partition. It's my primary
partition. I want to delete it and
format using this.
Okay.
And now to format your uh device, select
your
this uh partition and click new or you
can press uh next. So I want to press
next
only next.
Now the wonder is copying files
and getting files ready for
installation. It takes some minutes to
do that.
Yes.
Okay, 91% we are almost done with this
step.
Okay, fine.
It's 100%. Now it's installing updates.
Okay. Now go here to your keyboard and
press enter.
Return right here.
The PC is restarted right now.
Okay. Starting services.
Getting ready.
Okay, let's try started another time.
This misses just moment.
Okay, this is the final step.
Okay, choose your country.
For example, I want to choose UK.
Where is UK?
I think it's here.
That's Kingdom. Yes.
Yes. Keyboard.
Escape.
Okay. Don't have internet.
Okay. Let's rename it MSI
and password. I don't need that.
Okay. Hi. Getting think ready for you.
This mic uh might take a few minutes.
It's 1 minute or two and the the PC
starts and the installation of Windows
finish.
Almost there.
Okay. Fine. We are done. Okay, thank you
guys for watching this all for this
tutorial.
See you later on in the next tutorial.
Okay, after that we have to go here
and let's see our version of the Windows
11 system
about
as you can see it's uh the final version
25 H2.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. Subscribe for
more useful tutorials like this. Uh more
subscript subscriptions helps me a lot.